unify multiple Makefile targets (#10647)
status-im/status-legacy: STARTING_GUIDE.md

There are three steps necessary to start development, in this case for Android:

> 1. `make start-clojure` - Compiles Clojure into JavaScript for real device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `make start-clojure` - Compiles Clojure into JavaScript, watches for changes on cljs files and hot reloads code in the app
```

Author: fixed

> 2. `make start-metro` - Watches JavaScript code and updates the App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `make start-metro` - Starts metro bundler and watches JavaScript code
```

Author: fixed
